Gwenevere Abriel: Garcia.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning. All right, let's do a sound check and audio is every video, audio everything in sync.
Anthony Garcia: Looks good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, cool. He doing the buzz. Hi, and like, man, I just got to get this haircut.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I mean, I used to be like this all my life, pretty much. And then that year. I
Anthony Garcia: Just I'm not doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with buzz.
Gwenevere Abriel: Buzz that. Well, you look sharp.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: So bring me up to speed. Are you going nuts over there, are you, you're lucky enough to go to work. So it can't be too too bad. What's it like
Anthony Garcia: Very busy.
Anthony Garcia: I guess whether the only small shop open in that area. Everybody else close down. So, and all the discount tires are alone.
Anthony Garcia: So we've been staying pretty busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think is that
Anthony Garcia: It's nice because it's, we're going to make a lot of money. Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: My body's hurting crazy
Anthony Garcia: Tractor tires. They've all semi tires everything that we usually don't do. And we've been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: Do you like my fingers are hurting
Anthony Garcia: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you working six days a week.
Anthony Garcia: Yes, we did take Wednesday off. Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, good, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you think that means that you've got more physical pain in the past, you might have ignored it. What are you doing this time.
Anthony Garcia: Well, I know in the past that it was like more not there, you know,
Anthony Garcia: The pain. I guess it was there. I just didn't notice it. And now that I'm
Anthony Garcia: Noticing everything
It's
Anthony Garcia: Not overwhelming. So it's not like it's debilitating or anything. I'm able to get up takes me a little while. Sometimes I gotta take shower, that the water hit me for a little bit. Now I'm able to to move around so
Anthony Garcia: Do it. Okay, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: As this increased your, your thoughts of using though this pain.
Anthony Garcia: Not one bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, look at that. I'm surprised.
Anthony Garcia: It's really
Anthony Garcia: It's really surprising to me also, because I never, ever. I can never think one time in the last even year right
Gwenevere Abriel: That's so cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, let me check on this stuff that you don't want me to mention
Gwenevere Abriel: Gambling
Anthony Garcia: Well, still know gambling because of casinos are completely closed which that kind of helped me because it's really kind of got me to a routine now where the casinos aren't even part of it.
Anthony Garcia: So what's eating. I can't promise anything but I'm hoping. When everything does reopen that I'll keep this routine going without the
Gwenevere Abriel: Night. Tell me the nightly routine. I'm assuming it's well i don't know that. Tell me what routine described the routine that you like right now.
Anthony Garcia: Most of the most of it is leaving work, you know, but I go to work and then afterwards, even like before work. I used to go to stop over there before work. Now I stay home. I just got done washing the dishes.
Okay.
Anthony Garcia: And I try to keep active here like do the trash and all that stuff.
Anthony Garcia: Okay and I leave the house at about a 15 or so. So there is no time to do anything else, but go straight to one.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you build what you're doing right there's you're building up what I would call like a constraint, meaning if you do household chores.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the first part of the day, then you're not leaving any room to wiggle around because then you'd be late for work. So you're you're putting that deadline to arrive to work right up next to
Gwenevere Abriel: getting in the car, which leaves you know room. I think in the in the first part of this recovery process with the gambling. That is really smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's super smart. Okay, so let's count how many weeks, you've been doing that routine.
Anthony Garcia: Let's say it's been at least four weeks ago.
Anthony Garcia: Maybe a little bit longer. It could be a little bit less, but I'm it feels like about a month so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm maybe you're hoping I won't know that there's other ways to gamble.
Anthony Garcia: Kind of ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why I gotta tell you, if you don't already know. Come on now. You know what I'm talking about.
Anthony Garcia: You can make better like betting friends and stuff with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Are you still engaging in gambling. That's the same thing. It's just a word game.
Anthony Garcia: I have not made a bed at all with nobody
Gwenevere Abriel: High five man.
Anthony Garcia: Sports is like off the air so that helps me also, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so. So notice what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Outside constraints are convenient for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not well that's not like well i i can regulate myself for now, obviously, I find that utterly convenient.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then mind will trick you and say, Well, that wasn't us. That wasn't me man mean, hey, now they're open. What's to stop us. So that's the tricky bit that the mind will play. Am I right.
Anthony Garcia: I've actually thought about that and
Anthony Garcia: I guess I gotta wait to see and what I'm doing is I'm hoping that what I'm doing now.
Anthony Garcia: Will help me at that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will it absolutely will. And here's, here's the psychology behind it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have days and days and days that you get a reflect back on and say, oh, I'm not chemically dependent on that dopamine rush
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do dull, boring routine trash dishwashing dole things, and I'll be okay. I'm not this adrenaline junkie. I don't have to have that adrenaline. I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: And what you have is the lived experience you get to remember this. So let's keep even though I might be belaboring it I'll keep bringing it up because I don't want you to forget this. I don't want you to minimize it. Because later on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be like on board and I'll be like, oh, then let's get us a hobby, because, you know, so let me just see how much you actually like what's what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've described the fact that you haven't been gambling, even a sneaky way because you can do it. You could if you wanted to do it. You find a way, believe me. So let's give yourself credit for that one, too. I know there are ways you could be doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about
Anthony Garcia: What about putting your money into the stock market is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Have you done that.
I have
Gwenevere Abriel: So that was a little tricky. That's like like saying alcohols illegal. You know, it's like, it's still poison. Some might even say it's more poisonous than marijuana
Anthony Garcia: But it's more to me. It's more like an investment a smart investment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that would be so let's go with that. And I'm going to support you on that. I'm going to say, let's go for it. We're going to call it sublimation. We're going to call it channeling that
Gwenevere Abriel: Enjoyment of risking your aptitude your research. Right. Your, your intelligence and saying, because you have a high risk tolerance, you can tolerate that most of us are like, you know, like, I'll just put it in a bond.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're talking, you know how we do these little assessments and begin to see kind of where we are. Your you can tolerate a lot of risk. Okay, so you're you're you're sort of mindset is set up for for this for stock market stuff so you can tolerate it. Yes, it is a very
Anthony Garcia: Rare
Anthony Garcia: But I made a plan. It's not a very
Anthony Garcia: Huge thing is just a plan that I made, and I'm sticking with it. I'm not doing more and I'm not doing less. It's like $20 a month. Okay. And then sometimes I get paid. These dividends and then I'll buy like one extra stock. Okay.
Anthony Garcia: And then it's nothing like trading or every day trying to sell and buy and stuff. I'm just
Anthony Garcia: Making a go higher. I guess I just wanted to be building
Anthony Garcia: I don't want to leave it on a savings account because I still have access to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it. I like it. Okay. So you found an interesting way to put money away. Um, it's not quite like a savings because, like many people they've lost a lot a lot of money because it's in that kind of moving sort of market where it's not in in in a savings account.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's interesting. So you're, you're, again, having this external thing keep you away from money. Keep you
Gwenevere Abriel: Right from from access to it. Okay, so let me hear what I think you said stock market investment limited to $20 that's your out of pocket investment and if dividends paid. And you reinvest
Anthony Garcia: Or do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And how's that been, how long you been doing that.
Anthony Garcia: I've been doing it, I would say.
Anthony Garcia: Maybe two months maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: The fun
Anthony Garcia: It's exciting. I don't know what I'm doing. It is exciting. I try not to think about it too much.
Anthony Garcia: Away from it because I don't want to keep, like, I don't know. I don't want to be looking at it every minute you know I wait every week or so, like, like today, at the end of the day, I'll check it out to see kind of what's going on.
Anthony Garcia: If things are starting to look bad. You know, I can always liquidated. And, you know, at least not lose out everything
Anthony Garcia: But right now I'm messing with the Vanguard kind of Total Stock market ETFs, and they're pretty steady and their growth is pretty good after five years and
Anthony Garcia: That just seems like the right thing for me. I could just leave it there. I don't have to worry about it. Going all the way down to zero and maybe five years, it could go on, you know,
Anthony Garcia: So,
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. I don't spend too much time. I don't want to get like crazy with it. You know, I start feeling like I'm gambling again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me, let me just so I can say it out loud because probably nobody will. It still counts. When you're hardcore. And right now it's like I'm an alcoholic. But I'll have
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll have champagne on New Year's it's risky.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I, what am I supposed to do, you're not going to believe me tell you in it. No. Only way to learn this kind of stuff I i've learned I can lecture all day long.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have to live that on your own. So there's lots of different ways. It can really screw yourself with us. Okay, there's like, oh, hey, here's what you're doing really well. How about you borrow the margin. Oh my god. Do not do that.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, there was a guy that I guess borrowed like 1.3 million and
Anthony Garcia: It was, but he got he he made it, but we're they're asking them questions like, what if it didn't do it and like you had to owe that money back.
Gwenevere Abriel: To those people
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how about you read about all the
Anthony Garcia: Pain even
Gwenevere Abriel: You in a fraction of a second hundred thousand dollars in debt in a fraction of a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: 30 and you watch it go and go and you're like, Oh, I'm sure. Go, go, go, go, go, go. And when you're going to stop up 200,000
Gwenevere Abriel: Hoping that your investment will turn around the wish that your investment. Surely I put this much into it'll turn around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't do it. You're going to know that you're dipping into this right this mindset, if you if you do that kind of thing. So right now it seems like you're having a sip of champagne on New Year's.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: I see where you're getting at. And, and I agree.
Anthony Garcia: But it just feels different. It doesn't feel like, um, you know, like when I used to really get even like bedding, my friends, I used to get like this weird feeling. Even more like my job like
Anthony Garcia: Moving weirdly and stuff.
Anthony Garcia: You know, I have that weird feeling. And I don't have it anymore and
Gwenevere Abriel: When we're gonna we're gonna
Anthony Garcia: live without it.
Anthony Garcia: I hate that feeling it turns me into a, a person that will take $1,000 and risk it within one second. And if I lose it. It almost feels like I don't even care or get mad at myself for a little bit and then I'll get on with the day I don't want to do that and
Anthony Garcia: I've been doing a lot of things with my daughter with Jasmine. I've been helping with the house.
Anthony Garcia: I just I have money.
Anthony Garcia: And it feels great. You know, I feel like I'm
Anthony Garcia: I'm starting to become like an adult, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Bar. You are so very early on and a consistent pattern of once I have money. I get rid of it. I have to have money to feel my sense of identity power strength.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's starting to
Gwenevere Abriel: It's starting to change. Now you're going to know when you're really grown up when you say hey SIS I trust myself at this cash.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we take it step by step. We get to both say, Whoa, look at me go. I'm enjoying watch. I'm enjoying that I have money. I still need to keep it not at arm's length I don't trust myself with liquid cash.
Gwenevere Abriel: But look at me, I'm not checking it every hour of every day. I'm not checking like compulsively. There we go. That's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're tolerating living with some of the dull life of of being an adult. It's dough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is taking out the trash and doing the friggin dishes and making the same three meals every week is boring.
Anthony Garcia: It is
Gwenevere Abriel: And guess what, you know, what's not, they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to court dealing with to jail chaos emotional roller coaster of baby mama drama, drama, drama, drama, drama, drama, living in my car. Now I'm going to court that isn't there. Notice it
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, little doll. But what do you think
Anthony Garcia: I feel great, because
Anthony Garcia: It just seems like things are better you know my dad doesn't get on my ass. No more.
Anthony Garcia: Nobody's questioning me I'm like what I'm doing, seems like people are letting me live, you know,
Anthony Garcia: So my daughter's enjoying my company now.
Anthony Garcia: We did a garden together.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard about that. How's that going, what you got going over there. That's it. Tomatoes.
Anthony Garcia: Will get tomatoes and then set on your peppers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who kind of inside of flowers, but I don't know if they're gonna grow in that area.
Anthony Garcia: We're not getting enough sunlight. Sunlight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, wow, but fun
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I want to turn to your treatment plan. We're about do for it. So let's see if we want to close some let's see if we want to open some and let's make some little notes on each one. We're just going to jump in quick just one quick statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it turns into this sort of larger conversation. I have to touch 123456 of them. So I got a few to go through already wrote a little note around
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to see which one I went to
Gwenevere Abriel: get put in a different place. I'll put it up here. So let's just start from the top. I want to go back to school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so don't be hard on yourself, just take credit for what you have done.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sometimes it's as simple as I didn't give up on myself I continue to keep thinking about it. Or maybe I looked up a number. Maybe I called maybe I looked on the website just check in. What have you done it is a movement, even an inch half inch towards that goal.
Anthony Garcia: The only thing I've done is research different schools different programs and try to find an interest are having a hard time finding an interest, I guess.
Anthony Garcia: But I have been looking through online and checking on things. That's as far as I've done
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if you did. That's, that's cool. It is. Um, so for a lot of people, they go into school, not knowing
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're at your age. Maybe you're reluctant to do it because it's not that sort of maybe there's more pressure something to hurry up and know that there are
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a, there's programs and I don't know. It's been too long since I was in school to see where your interests are, in other words you answer a whole bunch of questions and it would say, hey, you'd be great for
Gwenevere Abriel: stockbroker. Hey, you'd be great for small business owner. Hey, you'd be great for hairdresser. Hey, you'd be great for Gardner. I don't know. So what it does is they asked you the whole bunch of questions and then they say you you hit high levels on this scale of ba ba ba ba careers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So in me if you did one on me, I'd be like, way up there on helping profession. Right. I like I like doing that. I like psychology and behavioral health and and analysis. So there'll be questions around. Well, how does your mind work. Do you like
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of working with numbers. I don't really like that stuff. So I want to engage with people. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there they would chant, they would have probably put me in some of those categories of careers.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I'm trying to say that might help you
Anthony Garcia: There, I do. And it's almost, excuse me, it almost reminds me of the personality test. I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: They send me a thing back and it kind of shows like like my personality and like what jobs would be good for me.
Anthony Garcia: Kolkata read it but they did send it to my email. I just haven't
Anthony Garcia: Ready. I guess the outcome, but I did do that personality test yesterday.
Anthony Garcia: Okay. Wednesday. I'm sorry, was when
Anthony Garcia: I took the data.
Anthony Garcia: And
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. It just, I would like to try to see what would be good for me, you know,
Anthony Garcia: And every
Anthony Garcia: I just haven't done it yet, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you want to make that something you could do like at least open that email start there and see what what what it said.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll say client plans to read
Gwenevere Abriel: It and then taken Wednesday.
Anthony Garcia: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, next one. I want to eat and hang a casino for an hour without getting like, okay, that is where this little notice so you have pulled that off, although not quite, with it being open, but you have had the lived experience of not dying without going in there.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I mean,
Anthony Garcia: I'm almost to the point where I don't even think about it anymore and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great.
Anthony Garcia: I don't want to like give myself like like to where I'm vulnerable when it does reopen
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do
Anthony Garcia: That trick myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to close this one use you successfully completed it. Let's just close it. Mmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Because watch. I want to eat and hang out at a casino for an hour without gambling and no free play now. I mean, maybe we'll keep it open. I mean, so here's the thing, if it were open. You're going to be able to test this theory, you're going to be able to see, can I do it right.
Anthony Garcia: But I'm not sure if I do want to test it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Anthony Garcia: That's I'm putting myself into the casino.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That means you bought a cake sugar and you brought it in the house and you said to your friends. I'm not drinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's close it. Let's close it and make it more relevant one. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think let's just closed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just will make it today say for 24 let's make it more relevant. I love what I'm hearing because you're noticing your own vulnerability to it. You're saying for a while. I'm going to change people, places and things. And for this particular substance of compulsivity it's
Gwenevere Abriel: You have those people, places and things just remove themselves, but you didn't do it. You didn't do it. And that's the part that get where we there's no trickery in our head.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got to be the, the one that sets the constraints. So we're going to set some. Let me just close this one. Okay. Because I see what you're saying. So you're saying, I don't even want to test myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just say casinos are closed casinos are closed.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't want to see if I gamble. Is that kind of what you're saying.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I don't want to go in there, hoping that I'm just going to go in there for an hour and he and then all of a sudden I dropped $3 in a month. I just, I don't want to put myself into that position.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, you know, I've been saying that but it took you feel in that right no amount of my saying it's going to make a difference. You got to get there on your own. Hmm.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I think I I think before I was just like it was going in one ear and out the other you know
Anthony Garcia: And that was kind of actually speaking in everything I'm learning everything, you know, Google Groups and stuff even just hearing other people's stories. I'm trying to listen to every
Anthony Garcia: Now, and not just like here, you know, I want to really listen to everybody and it helps. I guess because gives me ideas gives me like things where I can like build upon you know
Anthony Garcia: Things like that. I just want to be more
Anthony Garcia: Observant attentive and kind of listen more. I don't want to just, oh, I went to group go to work. You know, I want to, I went to group. I learned these things. I'm using these things and then
Anthony Garcia: Be at work, you know, actually, with these skills as their skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: As
Anthony Garcia: I want these skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what I'm going to write. I'M ON SECOND GOAL saving $3,000 for a place to live. So it is for 24 I have money to spend on daughter. And what else
Anthony Garcia: Myself.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: The saving part, have you worked up the courage to ask her sister, how much she has squirreled away for you.
Anthony Garcia: I haven't asked her, I
Anthony Garcia: Didn't get I haven't put anything in there.
Anthony Garcia: But I don't think it was like 27 but I could be wrong. It could be less
Gwenevere Abriel: I also have not given her more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you've gotten to see behavioral reinforcement, you see your dad is seeing. I think that's what you're noticing noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's an absence of questioning where you are, you are likely showing up showing up in
Gwenevere Abriel: A predictable way. So maybe he's seeing you as a predictable reliable sort of person in the house. So maybe he's not. Or maybe you're changing maybe his eye contact. Maybe his way. Maybe you're starting to change could be a combination of both. Who knows but it's working. So, keep it up.
Anthony Garcia: And also it's weird because him. My mom, my sister. Everybody's calling me with to the last couple weeks asking me if I needed money if they want to give me some money and I've kept all them. No, I'm good. Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it was three months ago, you would have been so so offended by that Anthony, he would have been so offended. What the f. You think I can't take care of money. You think I'm a loser. You'd have done that without. Do you know that
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you are you tempted to be offended.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
Anthony Garcia: Not was not offended at all to me. I figured
Anthony Garcia: They're just trying to help me, you know,
Anthony Garcia: They're just offering me some help. And if I don't need it.
Anthony Garcia: All I'll have to do is to say, I don't. Thank you.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And How good did that feel to not have to
Anthony Garcia: Ask for money. It was great. Even just, you know, I use this thing that you told me that not, don't think of everybody as like wanting to hurt you, you know,
Anthony Garcia: had it written
Gwenevere Abriel: unlike anything I've been
Anthony Garcia: I've been really like using that a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not in for intense from outcome that one.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah yeah
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, we're
Anthony Garcia: Thinking that everybody's out to get you know or kind of hurt me or something or doing that.
Anthony Garcia: Say broke, you know, offering me money just think that I'm broke or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: Maybe they're offering the money, they're really trying to help me, you know,
Anthony Garcia: And since it do not infer intention from the impact that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's, that's this guy. You did it, you used it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's nice, isn't it did not in for their intent negative intent, don't, don't think they think you're a loser, just because they're don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't infer their intent, just because of how you feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, that is going to serve you so well.
Anthony Garcia: It's already doing it. It's like
Anthony Garcia: It's weird because it's just like a little
Anthony Garcia: Few words but the words are very powerful for me is like,
Anthony Garcia: I don't have to get mad, no more. It's almost, you know, these little things that people were pissing me off, don't even give me Matt anymore because
Anthony Garcia: I'm not thinking that they're trying to hurt me.
Anthony Garcia: Even about 1200 dollars and my dad clean me as a dependent. So all my friends, my cousin everybody's gonna hit this $100 here they're talking about doing things together with it and all kinds of stuff. And I'm going to be left out, but
Anthony Garcia: It wasn't my dad's phone. He didn't intend to all I'm going to do this with my son. Don't get no money.
Anthony Garcia: He even he, I think he found his taxes, even before I even before the stimulus even went so me trying to go up there and say, Oh, you did this to me. I really thought about it.
Anthony Garcia: He did it because it helped him, you know, and there was no way it was going to really help me because no one knew about the stimulus package at that time.
Anthony Garcia: You know, it helped him with a $500 tax deduction. You know, I was a qualifying relatively you got 500 off and now heaven. My mom don't owe the IRS a direct 20 years every year for 20 years and now they don't have to make it more
Anthony Garcia: I just figured, you know,
Anthony Garcia: If that helped him the $500 TAX CREDIT FOR ME OUT IN A I helped him.
Gwenevere Abriel: A real Anthony. And to be honest, back in the day, you'd have blown 1200 dollars in a couple hours anyway. You know what I mean, that money comes and it goes. It comes and goes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is so powerful. I mean, honestly.
Gwenevere Abriel: This right here where you just did. Look how few words is do not infer intent and you just went that far right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do not infer negative intent. Do not infer they mean harm. That's what you're doing with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This could if you change nothing else.
Gwenevere Abriel: This could mean when someone calls you up with their drama and you are inconvenienced by it. You could say, Oh, they're not trying to inconvenience me with their drama their lack of planning does not have to be
Gwenevere Abriel: My emergency that's their problem or your daughter, she can act out and call your names and maybe she could do some growing up and maybe she'll projections and things on to you because she's got some healing to do
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe you'll be able to hold on to yourself and be that father you have talked about, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Poised and strong and knows himself as a good man. You're getting there. You're getting there. And then you can hear your daughters distress and you can hold it like a therapist would like a dad and hold it and hold her distress, even her anger and you can say to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just because I'm may be tempted to be offended. No, no, no. Wait, wait, wait. Now my daughter's going through some shit, I'm going to be here for I'm gonna hear her out.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will pass and if she can get it out and she can share her feelings we might be closer, I don't have to see myself how my daughter is all the venom coming out, let's say, because that might happen down the line. All right. This is so powerful. I just
Gwenevere Abriel: So impressed.
Anthony Garcia: Because I am because
Anthony Garcia: I didn't. I never thought I wouldn't have never thought that I would be this in my head. I've always thought I'd be just the way I was was
Anthony Garcia: Now this is actually a better fit for me. I feel better. I feel like I'm doing something important. You know, even just washing the dishes. I did that for my family, you know,
Anthony Garcia: So they can have
Anthony Garcia: A clean kitchen to cook and stuff while I'm at work.
Anthony Garcia: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: You also made it so they don't have to do. They don't have to
Anthony Garcia: Do it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you, you gave where you could you saw it and and look what happened. What she did was this piece of empathy, when we're not busy protecting ourselves. We're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to protect this old, old, old inner child wound. I've been hurt. You've let me down. We're failed me as a parent, all that wounding when we're not busy like fucking you failed me when it's not all that our hands come down our guard comes down and we can love
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can receive love. And you're I think you're now you can see. Wait, where once I saw it as a threat as if offering me something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was an insult. Now I can say this is how my family shows love. They may not give morning hugs and kisses on the cheeks and you know they did this is maybe what they do. And so you can take it in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Powerful
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope you share that I hope you teach that teach it to someone, wherever you can. A kid a friend, whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: In group, bring it up if you can. The more you get more lane highways with that over and over and over. The more you own it and it'll be refined even more. And you'll see more opportunities for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow. Okay, let's do this next one, and you've got a lot of objectives associated with this one goal and one goal of course is manage
Gwenevere Abriel: My stress and anger. One of the objectives is. And of course, this is where my gobbledygook psychobabble comes in.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is objective client will increase knowledge through psycho educational exercises and psychotherapy of underlying psychosocial factors contributing to emotional dysregulation, okay. So all of that. Let me just tell you what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have been increasing knowledge, you've been doing, you listen to me. And you've been lit. Notice how you said i'm i'm not just showing up.
Gwenevere Abriel: For my social medicine which is showing up to group and individual therapy, you're actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Taking the medicine, which means you're thinking through what your clients are saying and group that's the actual medicine because when it's talk therapy like this. You have to actually think about it. That's how you're ingesting much like you would a pillar or sub under the tongue.
Gwenevere Abriel: To really take the dose. You got to think about it got to experience it and you do when I've asked you to do many of the really kooky experiential things exercises empty chair, you've done em Dr with me. You have done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Transactional analysis you have done role play with me. You have done a lot. Okay. And, and there was probably times when you thought this is not going to work. This is done.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you did it anyway you took the medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm really proud of you. And that's what all this psycho blah blah blah, is that I just said, You've you have increased your knowledge, which means you've listened
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't have increased knowledge I can read a book and not think about what I just read on the page.
Gwenevere Abriel: Both I think about it. I kind of look off to it for a second. After a couple sentences and i i do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, snap.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know what that means. And then I go back to reading. You know what I'm saying with thinking in our working awareness up here that little space.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm saying. He's increasing knowledge through psycho educational exercises and psychotherapy. That's our the stuff we're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: The underlying reasons that psychosocial factors contributing to emotional dysregulation, so what you just did today what you said, hey, I noticed I agree. I don't interpret the world as a dangerous place.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not always dangerous. Maybe I'll look at the world with a little bit more discretion. I actually look at it and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this really danger. This is my interpretation of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're taking that second with this this cognitive memorize statement. Oh, yeah. Okay. You can talk with them. All right.
Anthony Garcia: I'll be out in a minute Kayla's
Anthony Garcia: Know, she she didn't know I was in a meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay, I'm family doesn't know that I'm always know
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what that means. Let me just see how you're doing on this. So I didn't notice you were upset. Just now, what just happened. Let's do it in vivo exercise, what just happened. You had a really angry face right
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I just didn't want
Anthony Garcia: I hate when people come through bars to my door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
Anthony Garcia: It was just my daughter and she was just looking for me.
Anthony Garcia: It's just we're in the meeting and I want to know or something.
Anthony Garcia: Are doing I'm doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm going to put that in here. I want to talk more about it. Maybe that'll be a focus for today.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't like it when people barge in my daughter.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, all or nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But a
Anthony Garcia: Month ago. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even but
Anthony Garcia: Either
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but I was here.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, that's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're probably had that external constraint of I don't want to show up yelling, but so limit. Let's come back to that. I got to make a little note here and there and some other things. My daughter just wanted to know where you were.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not alone. I watch this all day long. You guys are interrupted all the time I do this right, I see because I get a neat little glimpse into your life because it's one thing to say. Yeah, no, I'm handling my anger really well. Well, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: So we get to really see you know how consistent. Okay, just wanted to know where I was. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's go over here to another one manage my stress and anger. So client will learn implement behavioral cognitive strategies to overcome depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: Depression, as evidenced by client virtualization and video. Okay, so this thing, this thing you did right here for 24 de de client reports using
Gwenevere Abriel: This thing. Do not infer
Gwenevere Abriel: Intent from outcome outcome is how you feel, you may want to add that to your notes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Anthony Garcia: Do not infer I got
Anthony Garcia: From intent from the impact this
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, for you.
Anthony Garcia: Welcome
Gwenevere Abriel: None other know for your notes say outcome, aka how I feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, for others intentions from how I feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm pissed, I'm hurt. I'm offended. Wait a minute, just because I feel it. Don't make it so
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't mean that's what their intent was it just happens to be. It's true, you are feeling that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I wonder if you all right, have assumed in a tent. So we're going to look at that a little bit closer here in a second. But you are using this and that is fantastic and asked if we could all use a little bit more that we would be so much less defensive
Gwenevere Abriel: What else are you doing, because this is a big one. It's in a lot of different places. What do you do with stress. And I'm assuming stress is pressure of money or something. What, what, what is a typical stressor for you.
Anthony Garcia: Finances, though it is
Anthony Garcia: Having to
Anthony Garcia: Deal with life people needing things, you know, like baby mama needs something kids needs something dad needs something mom. These are all in like one day you know all like that one time.
Anthony Garcia: And
Anthony Garcia: It's almost seems like we're if I help this person I'm pissing off this person. And if I help this person that I'm pissing off this book, so I try to juggle all four people at one time and
Anthony Garcia: That's that stresses me out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So juggling the metaphor. Tell me what you mean. Tell me more about how you juggle those four people in that story all of them wants something for me at the same time. What is juggling sound like look like
Anthony Garcia: Like having to be there at this tournament.
Anthony Garcia: Stopping at this store having to go to this food fast food restaurant and then having to go to the one on the other side of town because this person didn't want that and stuff like that, you know, having to
Anthony Garcia: Do something for everybody because they can agree to on one day you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can.
Anthony Garcia: Help, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you end up feeling angry at the end of the day without juggling
Anthony Garcia: I feel very overwhelmed. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a lot of hustling around
Anthony Garcia: Seems like if I don't do it.
Anthony Garcia: Everybody just as mad at me, you know, and it's like
Anthony Garcia: All the people I care about all mad at me at one time. And that's how it feels to me.
Anthony Garcia: I don't know, whatever. It gets me sad and angry at myself.
Anthony Garcia: Well, I feel like I failed them or something. You know, I had an opportunity to do something nice help them, but I couldn't
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, your intent is so so good. Want to be helpful I wish, I wish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Which life work like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's just only so much we can give
Gwenevere Abriel: Unfortunately, I'm going to come back to this one to come down here to this one. I will learn and implement conflict resolution skills to resolve interpersonal problems. So why don't we take a combination of what you just talked about. And let's make a little comment here on this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: The interpersonal skill that you think you need because it's all skills, right, maybe it's not something
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember may have been something I role played are taught along the way it's okay that it's forgotten, maybe this time it will stick. I'm not hung up on it. I'll do this as long as you want. It's honored. I'm working here at Breitbart hold anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: This time, maybe it'll stick or maybe there's a few that have when she to think about communication skills, interpersonal skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of them. I mean, it's a, it's like, well, an interpersonal skill is what am I, what is my filter. Well, if my new filter is don't infer everybody's request of me demand of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: As I have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Or love is on the line. They won't love me if I don't do it. Or they'll think I'm lazy or you can use that right there too.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can apply that don't infer all over the place. That's your filter. That's how you filter the world and you're you're trying on a different filter.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can use that same filter. If we don't even introduced a new one. When, when you've got competing demands by this, I want this brand.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want this is Mickey D's this one I want to Chile rianna from this restaurant. And this one I want from Whole Foods and and this one. I want you to make me a grilled cheese.
Gwenevere Abriel: So see me here out loud how you would use that skill or another one to meet meaning, how would you communicate how would you interact with these competing demands, you have a finite amount of time and energy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just do, how do you do it, how do you meet this with a with a healthy interpersonal skill, all these competing demands, what do you do
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Anthony Garcia: Like for me, I'd be like,
Anthony Garcia: Going crazy for a minute, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You would go do each one. It sounds like
Anthony Garcia: That's what you're doing. I would look to
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it
Anthony Garcia: I'd be like,
Anthony Garcia: pissed off about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now come out come out of that one and make up a story about what going to bear would do, because we've only got you and I would Dr of reality. You know, I don't know anybody else in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she asked me, and I got the doc. So what would I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Here I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: At these demands, what would I do
Anthony Garcia: For out the easiest are the hardest to the easiest
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, prioritize them. Hmm. Well, where am I, where is it. Where's what I want in here. I'm just curious. First what I want
Gwenevere Abriel: Is these. What about when I want to eat. What about my time.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, that'll happen for me. I don't get a time or
Gwenevere Abriel: How's that working out.
Anthony Garcia: I mean, I'm not gonna sit here and say that I'm pounding about. They're like, ah,
Anthony Garcia: I don't want to eat that. I'll just
Anthony Garcia: won't eat, you know,
Anthony Garcia: I just kind of go with the flow, you know,
Anthony Garcia: Up choose out of one of those spots and grab something for myself there.
Gwenevere Abriel: There you go. So fine. I happen to not be a fussy year too. So I'll just pick something up over here. So I'm gonna hang on this little piglet right here. What are we going to do
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're saying what I would do is I prioritize them. Okay. Yeah, well, oh, when is so time management. Let's put five more demands on her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what
Anthony Garcia: No, screw.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, look at me. What am I going to do if I'm okay. I'm good at time management. You already told me that she I'm going to prioritize which one I'm going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I got this many more everybody sees me as good at time management and you. This is what you do the person that is already busy you typically you give them more to do. That's how the system works by the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now what do I do. You've seen me before. What, what might happen. What am I role played. What's a skill that I might use to manage these demands. These are people, by the way, these are people talking to me asking me to go do something
Anthony Garcia: You'd have to tell them that
Anthony Garcia: You know some of those things that you can't do you have to let them know that you can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't
Anthony Garcia: It's not your problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not my rolling baby get your own tacos.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is this one thing we've talked about it before and you you have. I like to think of it like you go kicking and screaming at it every single time I bring it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You hate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be the last thing you do, because it's not manly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something you won't do, and your family system.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's a specific way of talking
It's
Anthony Garcia: Asking questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that true is asking questions kind of early to is it maybe all right now asking questions. He said, talking
To come here well
Gwenevere Abriel: What if I, what is it very specific three word phrase.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you find really uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Anthony Garcia: Feel I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Don't you hate that one.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, you don't hear me say that almost never
Gwenevere Abriel: Accept it
Anthony Garcia: Know what
Gwenevere Abriel: I do. I've you actually you're actually ironically skilled at it. And that's what's really interesting once you give yourself permission to just be a human and stop trying to put it into whether it's a girl or
Gwenevere Abriel: machismo filter piece on if you just say this is the human experience. This is happening so you can keep trying to force it into a box of gender, but it's not. And when you liberate yourself and you're just like, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to make everybody happy. But what you you don't know dad is I've got these competing demands about these other people. They got me running already said yes to them. I feel overwhelmed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I go get you that thing tomorrow or
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I, can I get you something similar at one of these places I've already committed to. I feel overwhelmed. Does that sound like a jerk. Do I sound like a jerk.
Anthony Garcia: You don't sound like a jerk, but it sounds like you're like, for me, it was sound like I was just trying to get out of the situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me. I gotta try and try on your logic, the only way that i don't i'm gonna try it on. Let's see if this is close.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is no room for me and my feeling overwhelmed. The only thing I'm allowed to do in my life is if somebody asked me to do something and I have time, I'm going to ask and do it. There is no room for. No, I have no good excuse
Gwenevere Abriel: I have no excuse. DAD ASKED ME DO SOMETHING SO THIS Caitlin, so does baby mama so to sister so. Does mom. So this cousin.
Gwenevere Abriel: What excuse I have, I gotta say yes. Am I close to how you view the world like I've got no reason to say no.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, because if I say, hey, I don't feel like doing that right now. I'm gonna feel that later. I will. I'll be thinking about it and not like laying down on my bed trying to go to sleep thinking like, why did I do that, you know, they
Anthony Garcia: Say no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, write this down. But get, get your notepad out wind down the middle. I want you to listen to what I'm saying. And then you're going to hear me say what your version.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here's one of yours version.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have competing demands from
Gwenevere Abriel: Sister Caitlin, put the names in there. Okay, puts maybe four or five names in there to go to these different places I've already committed to
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm feeling overwhelmed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Already
Gwenevere Abriel: And tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: Period.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I pick that something similar to that up at one of these places. I'm already going
Gwenevere Abriel: Write it down. We got time.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the question. You mentioned that earlier, that was a question. Can I pick, pick up something similar. One of these places have already committed to going to today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think I don't know if you wrote it down I he wrote, I hope I feel overwhelmed and tired.
Anthony Garcia: Feeling tired and overwhelmed.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And saying it with compassionate face for the self actually making it congruent, like the face of I love you, Dad. And I want to please you dad and I am feeling this one right
Gwenevere Abriel: A pleading face. It's like you say, I've got overwhelmed. I've gotta like app, right. That's a pleading face right so now on the other side, draw a line. This is what you did with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dad, I don't feel like doing that write that down.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's, that's your version. That's how you heard all of that. So, write it down so important. You see how you're filtering this information.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is Anthony's
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't feel like doing that, then write down, comma, I will feel guilty later. Write it down. This is going to be important.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see how your mind works right there on paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at the difference if your dad and I say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't feel like doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel
Anthony Garcia: So bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that's because I didn't explain what's going on for me inside. It just says, I don't feel like doing it like you're what you want doesn't interest me
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not how one of your role played it was it I talked about my internal experience I talked about the fact that
Gwenevere Abriel: I have. I've already over committed to these people. Maybe I shouldn't have even done them any I've got a yes guy. These days, a kind of over committed and kind of freaking out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I wanted help dad, but can I do it for you tomorrow. I'm feeling overwhelmed and tired, I've kind of over committed to these you see it.
Anthony Garcia: Yes, I see, I see a very feminine way of talking to my dad and I just don't think he except that kind of talk, you know, he's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And we gotta
Gwenevere Abriel: You gotta find a way
Gwenevere Abriel: For you to be able to communicate your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one isn't working.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because he's going to feel dismissed. When you do this, I don't feel like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're going to need to get creative and it might take a little effort. Then take what I just did and find an Anthony dad way to communicate your truth. I already promised my sister. I was going to end. Caitlin, I was going to do these things. Dad, can I do it tomorrow is that feminine.
Anthony Garcia: I don't know but but let's look at it yesterday. Yesterday I got home a little bit late. It was busy day. It was already after six o'clock.
Anthony Garcia: I asked everybody. What did they eat or like, what are you going to eat.
Anthony Garcia: Nobody answered me at first and then my daughter came down and she said she was I had, I had just finished eating like two bowls of cereal.
Anthony Garcia: So I told her, I'll get you some, you know, did you did you give something to your ground, buddy. And she said, no, she had made something for removal and so
Anthony Garcia: After she had made her fumo I told her. What about your grandpa. So I went to my Dad's room to ask him what he wanted, and he wouldn't answer. So I said,
Anthony Garcia: You know, I don't like going to get nothing but I'll make you something here at the house and right away, but that his lips closed did that he had that angry look. So I asked him straight up. What's wrong with your face.
Anthony Garcia: Are you mad and he will not answer me. So I stand his door and I came downstairs and nobody a except me.
Anthony Garcia: I feel bad, you know,
Anthony Garcia: I spent the night feeling bad, you know,
Anthony Garcia: I just wrote back
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: That's such a great story that's so informative.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's wrong with your face.
Anthony Garcia: It went from like a nice, the minute I said I don't feel like going to go get
Anthony Garcia: All of a sudden when I'm angry pissed off basically like
Anthony Garcia: I'm supposed to like my life is revolved around doing everything for it.
Anthony Garcia: I can't sit there and say, Oh, I feel tired and stuff like that, it's, I don't know, I just, I like to tell people I don't feel like it because I don't feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: About how about that three or four months from now, what if you get to do that once you set up a different dynamic. Because, watch what, watch, watch. If I did it with my eyes closed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey Dad, I noticed you haven't eaten anything and nobody's offered anything. Um, I really feel like going to the store, but I'd really be high. I'd be happy to make something for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here at the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I didn't hear anything, but I'm going to go ahead and make some extra eggs and some toast and feel free to come out and join me later.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were staring at his face. Can you inferred intent. He means you harm. That's the skill you could have used right then.
Anthony Garcia: Yes.
Anthony Garcia: But I mean in the moment, the way the face turned back quick
Anthony Garcia: Just by me saying that I didn't want to do something. I just come back from a hard day at work. You know, I haven't even took a shower. I mean, I'm
Anthony Garcia: Barely can move my fingers and it seems like I'm getting blamed
Anthony Garcia: For not providing a meal for everybody to eat because I do sometimes I come home from work. Sometimes I'll wash the dishes or cook a meal. I'll have everybody set up and eating by seven o'clock and then as soon as they're done a wash the dishes. Again, I can't do that every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony
Anthony Garcia: I think they got so used to be doing it.
Anthony Garcia: Now that when it doesn't happen, they get mad at me or not day but my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you find a way you when you look. Oh, look at the page you literally could have said this other thing that I will play for you, but you've made up your mind that that's feminine. It's not. It's not.
Anthony Garcia: It's what you just said that the feminine feminine, but it's like I'm waiting to hear. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shit. He's going to hear it doesn't matter what you say or do. He is going
Gwenevere Abriel: He's doing this to you. He has his own influence if my son says he don't feel like doing something, you know what your dad thinks
Gwenevere Abriel: He doesn't give a shit about me. Your dad's doing the very thing that you're working on changing
Gwenevere Abriel: This gets very complicated and I'm three minutes over, and I gotta go. But Anthony just this one skill. I'm not kidding. If you could really apply it just like peanut butter all over. I think you would really start to see a difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry. Your father does that face. I am actually really sorry that's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is a time for you to use the skill your intent walking in that room was to help your dad. The fact that he decided to fuss over some little thing that's his business. You can say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to make some extra eggs and some toast. I'm already making it, you're welcome to it there. I've had a rough day I need to just chill LOVE YOU, DAD. AND I'M OUT THE DOOR.
Anthony Garcia: You see the difference. I do that sometimes I'll just make something, but then people will eat it. And I won't even want to eat it because I don't want to be the only one with a gun. You know, I'll feel the feeling that I get from it. It's bad. It's like almost to where
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. I don't know. It's, I can explain it, it just it's it takes over me, especially at night, and then I can sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have next time we meet, let's let's talk more about this because there's something I'm not really understanding what you're describing, okay, write in your journal what you just said put it down there, put our next date say talk to go on about and write it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will do April eighth
Gwenevere Abriel: April 8 write it down on your journal
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Sorry, mate. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to Glenn about and then put feeling of something, something, something I can't eat. I'm not sure what you're saying, but I think we need to talk about it because I just something I'm not getting
Anthony Garcia: Okay. Anytime I get like an insight on something I'll write it down that way.
Anthony Garcia: When we have on that day I could at least
Anthony Garcia: Bring it back to my head. Don't forget it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do more of what's working
Gwenevere Abriel: I will do more.
Anthony Garcia: Because I am I just, this is times where the anger and stuff still overcomes
Gwenevere Abriel: We're all a work in progress. That was a huge step to not infer your father's negative intent from his face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Hey. Talk to you later. Bye.